#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
aitextgen==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   newspaper3k
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via nltk
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via newspaper3k
feedfinder2==0.0.4
    # via newspaper3k
feedparser==6.0.10
    # via newspaper3k
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
fire==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aitextgen
frozenlist==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.8.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.9.1
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
jieba3k==0.35.1
    # via newspaper3k
joblib==1.1.0
    # via nltk
lxml==4.9.1
    # via newspaper3k
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markovify==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
names==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
newspaper3k==0.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
nltk==3.7
    # via newspaper3k
numpy==1.23.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pillow==9.2.0
    # via newspaper3k
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydeprecate==0.3.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via newspaper3k
python-levenshtein==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==1.7.6
    # via aitextgen
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   newspaper3k
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2022.8.17
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   newspaper3k
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   fire
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via fire
tinydb==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinysegmenter==0.3
    # via newspaper3k
tldextract==3.3.1
    # via newspaper3k
tokenizers==0.12.1
    # via transformers
torch==1.12.1
    # via
    #   aitextgen
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.9.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.22.1
    # via aitextgen
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
unidecode==1.3.4
    # via markovify
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via tensorboard
yarl==1.8.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
